README.md, before:

[![excavator](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/actions/workflows/excavator.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/actions/workflows/excavator.yml)
[![manifests](https://img.shields.io/github/directory-file-count/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/bucket?type=file&extension=json&style=flat&label=manifests)](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/tree/master/bucket)
[![repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket)

My personal [scoop bucket](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/wiki/Buckets) includes global & Vietnamese apps missing from [official buckets](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Scoop?tab=readme-ov-file#known-application-buckets), or alternate versions thereof

## Usage

[Scoop](https://scoop.sh) is APT (or Homebrew) for Windows

Add this bucket:
```powershell
scoop bucket add zeldrisho https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket
```

Install an app from this bucket:
```powershell
scoop install zeldrisho/<app>
```

## Global apps

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|[capcut](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/capcut.json)|All-in-one video editor & graphic design tool driven by AI|
|[claude-code](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/claude-code.json)|An agentic coding tool that lives in your terminal|
|[claude](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/claude.json)|A next generation AI assistant built by Anthropic|
|[comet](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/comet.json)|The AI browser that acts as a personal assistant|
|[dyad](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/dyad.json)|Free, local, open-source AI app builder|
|[ente-photos](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/ente-photos.json)|The private, secure photo storage app with end-to-end encryption|
|[gemini-cli](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/gemini-cli.json)|Brings the power of Gemini directly into your terminal|
|[gologin](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/gologin.json)|Antidetect browser|
|[kiro](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/kiro.json)|The AI IDE for prototype to production|
|[makelnk](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/makelnk.json)|Creates Windows shortcuts (.lnk files) with AppUserModelId|
|[minitool-partition-wizard](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/minitool-partition-wizard.json)|All-in-one Disk Partition Manager|
|[mumuplayer](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/mumuplayer.json)|Best Android Emulator on PC for Running Mobile Games and Apps|
|[netpad](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/netpad.json)|A cross-platform C# editor and playground|
|[odin-downloader](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/odin-downloader.json)|ROM Flashing tool for SAMSUNG|
|[op.gg](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/op.gg.json)|The Best LoL Champion Builds and Player Stats|
|[openbullet2](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/openbullet2.json)|A cross platform automation suite powered by .NET core|
|[proton-drive](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/proton-drive.json)|Free end-to-end encrypted cloud storage made by Proton AG|
|[proton-pass](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/proton-pass.json)|Free password manager with identity protection|
|[stremio-service](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/stremio-service.json)|A companion app for Stremio Web|
|[surfshark-np](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/surfshark-np.json)|VPN & all-in-one cybersecurity suites|
|[xunity.autotranslator](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/xunity.autotranslator.json)|Translate Unity-based games|
|[zoho-mail](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/zoho-mail.json)|Secure & Professional Business Email for your Organization|

## Alternative apps

|Name|Description|Note|
|----|-----------|----|
|[discord](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/discord.json)|Group Chat That's All Fun & Games|Official version|
|[google-chrome](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/google-chrome.json)|The Fast & Secure Web Browser Built to be Yours|Different manifest name, add arm64|
|[sandboxie-plus](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/sandboxie-plus.json)|A sandbox-based isolation software|Portable, add arm64, persist|

## Vietnamese apps

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|[canhcutteam-launcher](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/canhcutteam-launcher.json)|Download and manage Vietnamese localization patches for games|
|[evkey](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/evkey.json)|Vietnamese input method editor|
|[openkey](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/openkey.json)|Vietnamese input method editor|
|[unikey](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/unikey.json)|Vietnamese input method editor|
|[zadark](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/zadark.json)|Enable Dark Mode for Zalo|
|[zalo](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/zalo.json)|Messaging application providing fast, stable, convenient|

Commit message:

cloudflare-warp-np: add version 2025.1.861.0

README.md, after:

[![excavator](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/actions/workflows/excavator.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/actions/workflows/excavator.yml)
[![manifests](https://img.shields.io/github/directory-file-count/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/bucket?type=file&extension=json&style=flat&label=manifests)](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/tree/master/bucket)
[![repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket)

My personal [scoop bucket](https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/wiki/Buckets) includes global & Vietnamese apps missing from [official buckets](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Scoop?tab=readme-ov-file#known-application-buckets), or alternate versions thereof

## Usage

[Scoop](https://scoop.sh) is APT (or Homebrew) for Windows

Add this bucket:
```powershell
scoop bucket add zeldrisho https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket
```

Install an app from this bucket:
```powershell
scoop install zeldrisho/<app>
```

## Global apps

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|[capcut](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/capcut.json)|All-in-one video editor & graphic design tool driven by AI|
|[claude-code](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/claude-code.json)|An agentic coding tool that lives in your terminal|
|[claude](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/claude.json)|A next generation AI assistant built by Anthropic|
|[cloudflare-warp-np](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/cloudflare-warp-np.json)|The free app that makes your Internet faster|
|[comet](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/comet.json)|The AI browser that acts as a personal assistant|
|[dyad](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/dyad.json)|Free, local, open-source AI app builder|
|[ente-photos](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/ente-photos.json)|The private, secure photo storage app with end-to-end encryption|
|[gemini-cli](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/gemini-cli.json)|Brings the power of Gemini directly into your terminal|
|[gologin](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/gologin.json)|Antidetect browser|
|[kiro](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/kiro.json)|The AI IDE for prototype to production|
|[makelnk](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/makelnk.json)|Creates Windows shortcuts (.lnk files) with AppUserModelId|
|[minitool-partition-wizard](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/minitool-partition-wizard.json)|All-in-one Disk Partition Manager|
|[mumuplayer](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/mumuplayer.json)|Best Android Emulator on PC for Running Mobile Games and Apps|
|[netpad](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/netpad.json)|A cross-platform C# editor and playground|
|[odin-downloader](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/odin-downloader.json)|ROM Flashing tool for SAMSUNG|
|[op.gg](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/op.gg.json)|The Best LoL Champion Builds and Player Stats|
|[openbullet2](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/openbullet2.json)|A cross platform automation suite powered by .NET core|
|[proton-drive](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/proton-drive.json)|Free end-to-end encrypted cloud storage made by Proton AG|
|[proton-pass](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/proton-pass.json)|Free password manager with identity protection|
|[stremio-service](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/stremio-service.json)|A companion app for Stremio Web|
|[surfshark-np](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/surfshark-np.json)|VPN & all-in-one cybersecurity suites|
|[xunity.autotranslator](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/xunity.autotranslator.json)|Translate Unity-based games|
|[zoho-mail](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/zoho-mail.json)|Secure & Professional Business Email for your Organization|

## Alternative apps

|Name|Description|Note|
|----|-----------|----|
|[discord](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/discord.json)|Group Chat That's All Fun & Games|Official version|
|[google-chrome](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/google-chrome.json)|The Fast & Secure Web Browser Built to be Yours|Different manifest name, add arm64|
|[sandboxie-plus](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/sandboxie-plus.json)|A sandbox-based isolation software|Portable, add arm64, persist|

## Vietnamese apps

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|[canhcutteam-launcher](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/canhcutteam-launcher.json)|Download and manage Vietnamese localization patches for games|
|[evkey](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/evkey.json)|Vietnamese input method editor|
|[openkey](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/openkey.json)|Vietnamese input method editor|
|[unikey](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/unikey.json)|Vietnamese input method editor|
|[zadark](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/zadark.json)|Enable Dark Mode for Zalo|
|[zalo](https://github.com/zeldrisho/scoop-bucket/blob/master/bucket/zalo.json)|Messaging application providing fast, stable, convenient|
